robbing light therapy is a unique tool
it's using pulsed light through
specified filters that target different
pigments in the skin whether it's
hemoglobin hemoglobin in red or blue
vessels it can be targeted with this
particularly red vessels are they're
well treated with pulsed light but it's
different than laser we're not using
laser energy we're actually taking light
and it's going through a collimator
through a specified filter and it's
targeting whatever it is in the skin
that we're treating that can be not just
hemoglobin in vessels it can be pigment
in hair follicles it could be sunspots
from repeated sun damage as as a teen
and someone who's now 40 years of age
rosacea very vascular condition on the
on the face that redness can go away
just through broadband life simply put
it has a lot of different uses around
the face and one particular filter is
used for tightening the dermis if you
will by taking the the device and
applying it consistently over an area
whether it's the cheeks whether it's the
neck any area that we're trying to plump
up or firm up we can take the pulse
light device with a little ultrasound
gel and just gently rub this over the
area until the tissue heats up we
actually have a infrared temperature
sensor so we have a target temperature
that we're looking for and it's
interesting because it feels the
benefits of that when a patient leaves
their cheeks feel full the neck feels
you know nice we get to the target
temperature sometimes and they're not
feeling much in the way of heat at all
and then some of them actually say well
can you take it higher okay because
they're seeing the benefits of that so
it has a lot of different a lot of
different uses oddly the broadband light
was
something that I purchased just for the
small veins on the inside of the
practice small Reds are very difficult
vessels to clear and I think pulsed
light has as much utility as anything
when it comes to actually clearing those
vessels little did I know that I had
industrious employees that decided to
put this device through many other
rigors including sun spots including the
hair or next thing you know we had a
clientele for those services as well